README.md, before:

[![headline](docs/assets/headline.png)](https://backstage.io/)

# [Backstage](https://backstage.io)

English \| [한국어](README-ko_kr.md) \| [中文版](README-zh_Hans.md) \| [Français](README-fr_FR.md)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![CNCF Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/cncf%20status-incubation-blue.svg)](https://www.cncf.io/projects)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/687207715902193673?logo=discord&label=Discord&color=5865F2&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/backstage-687207715902193673)
![Code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/backstage/backstage)](https://codecov.io/gh/backstage/backstage)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/backstage/backstage)](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/releases)
[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7678/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7678)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/backstage/backstage/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/backstage/backstage)

## What is Backstage?

[Backstage](https://backstage.io/) is an open source framework for building developer portals. Powered by a centralized software catalog, Backstage restores order to your microservices and infrastructure and enables your product teams to ship high-quality code quickly without compromising autonomy.

Backstage unifies all your infrastructure tooling, services, and documentation to create a streamlined development environment from end to end.

![software-catalog](docs/assets/header.png)

Out of the box, Backstage includes:

- [Backstage Software Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/) for managing all your software such as microservices, libraries, data pipelines, websites, and ML models
- [Backstage Software Templates](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-templates/) for quickly spinning up new projects and standardizing your tooling with your organization’s best practices
- [Backstage TechDocs](https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/) for making it easy to create, maintain, find, and use technical documentation, using a "docs like code" approach
- Plus, a growing ecosystem of [open source plugins](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/tree/master/plugins) that further expand Backstage’s customizability and functionality

Backstage was created by Spotify but is now hosted by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io) as an Incubation level project. For more information, see the [announcement](https://backstage.io/blog/2022/03/16/backstage-turns-two#out-of-the-sandbox-and-into-incubation).

## Project roadmap

For information about the detailed project roadmap including delivered milestones, see [the Roadmap](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/roadmap).

## Getting Started

To start using Backstage, see the [Getting Started documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/getting-started).

## Documentation

The documentation of Backstage includes:

- [Main documentation](https://backstage.io/docs)
- [Software Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/)
- [Architecture](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/architecture-overview) ([Decisions](https://backstage.io/docs/architecture-decisions/))
- [Designing for Backstage](https://backstage.io/docs/dls/design)
- [Storybook - UI components](https://backstage.io/storybook)

## Community

To engage with our community, you can use the following resources:

- [Discord chatroom](https://discord.gg/backstage-687207715902193673) - Get support or discuss the project
- [Contributing to Backstage](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) - Start here if you want to contribute
- [RFCs](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/labels/rfc) - Help shape the technical direction
- [FAQ](https://backstage.io/docs/faq) - Frequently Asked Questions
- [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - This is how we roll
- [Adopters](ADOPTERS.md) - Companies already using Backstage
- [Blog](https://backstage.io/blog/) - Announcements and updates
- [Newsletter](https://spoti.fi/backstagenewsletter) - Subscribe to our email newsletter
- [Backstage Community Sessions](https://github.com/backstage/community) - Join monthly meetups and explore Backstage community
- Give us a star ⭐️ - If you are using Backstage or think it is an interesting project, we would love a star ❤️

## Governance

See the [GOVERNANCE.md](https://github.com/backstage/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md) document in the [backstage/community](https://github.com/backstage/community) repository.

## License

Copyright 2020-2024 © The Backstage Authors. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Security

Please report sensitive security issues using Spotify's [bug-bounty program](https://hackerone.com/spotify) rather than GitHub.

For further details, see our complete [security release process](SECURITY.md).

Commit message:

Info for Brian and Guilherme in README.md

README.md, after:

# Resource Hub alternative POC

The back-end plugin can be found in `plugins/catalog-info-backend`, front-end plugin is implemented in `plugins/catalog-info`. To access the plugin in your locally running backstage instance, go to http://localhost:3000/catalog-info. For the plugin to work properly you need to configure access to an OpenShift 4 cluster. Personally, I'd recommend copying the existing `app-config.yaml` into an `app-config.local.yaml` which is ignored by git. Insert the following code into the yaml at the top level and restart the running backstage instance.

```
catalogInfo:
  baseUrl: <OCP4_CLUSTER_API_ADDR>
  authToken: <OCP4_CLUSTER_API_TOKEN>
```

Here's an example of a working configuration.

```
catalogInfo:
  baseUrl: https://api.skocp416.lab.upshift.rdu2.redhat.com:6443
  authToken: sha256~XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

If you plan to istantiate a template, I'd recommend creating a personal cluster in Resource Hub instead of the shared clusters, since the templates are instantiated in the default project (or change the project in the plugin code).

---

[![headline](docs/assets/headline.png)](https://backstage.io/)

# [Backstage](https://backstage.io)

English \| [한국어](README-ko_kr.md) \| [中文版](README-zh_Hans.md) \| [Français](README-fr_FR.md)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![CNCF Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/cncf%20status-incubation-blue.svg)](https://www.cncf.io/projects)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/687207715902193673?logo=discord&label=Discord&color=5865F2&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/backstage-687207715902193673)
![Code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/backstage/backstage)](https://codecov.io/gh/backstage/backstage)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/backstage/backstage)](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/releases)
[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7678/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7678)
[![OpenSSF Scorecard](https://api.securityscorecards.dev/projects/github.com/backstage/backstage/badge)](https://securityscorecards.dev/viewer/?uri=github.com/backstage/backstage)

## What is Backstage?

[Backstage](https://backstage.io/) is an open source framework for building developer portals. Powered by a centralized software catalog, Backstage restores order to your microservices and infrastructure and enables your product teams to ship high-quality code quickly without compromising autonomy.

Backstage unifies all your infrastructure tooling, services, and documentation to create a streamlined development environment from end to end.

![software-catalog](docs/assets/header.png)

Out of the box, Backstage includes:

- [Backstage Software Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/) for managing all your software such as microservices, libraries, data pipelines, websites, and ML models
- [Backstage Software Templates](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-templates/) for quickly spinning up new projects and standardizing your tooling with your organization’s best practices
- [Backstage TechDocs](https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/) for making it easy to create, maintain, find, and use technical documentation, using a "docs like code" approach
- Plus, a growing ecosystem of [open source plugins](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/tree/master/plugins) that further expand Backstage’s customizability and functionality

Backstage was created by Spotify but is now hosted by the [Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io) as an Incubation level project. For more information, see the [announcement](https://backstage.io/blog/2022/03/16/backstage-turns-two#out-of-the-sandbox-and-into-incubation).

## Project roadmap

For information about the detailed project roadmap including delivered milestones, see [the Roadmap](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/roadmap).

## Getting Started

To start using Backstage, see the [Getting Started documentation](https://backstage.io/docs/getting-started).

## Documentation

The documentation of Backstage includes:

- [Main documentation](https://backstage.io/docs)
- [Software Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/)
- [Architecture](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/architecture-overview) ([Decisions](https://backstage.io/docs/architecture-decisions/))
- [Designing for Backstage](https://backstage.io/docs/dls/design)
- [Storybook - UI components](https://backstage.io/storybook)

## Community

To engage with our community, you can use the following resources:

- [Discord chatroom](https://discord.gg/backstage-687207715902193673) - Get support or discuss the project
- [Contributing to Backstage](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) - Start here if you want to contribute
- [RFCs](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/labels/rfc) - Help shape the technical direction
- [FAQ](https://backstage.io/docs/faq) - Frequently Asked Questions
- [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) - This is how we roll
- [Adopters](ADOPTERS.md) - Companies already using Backstage
- [Blog](https://backstage.io/blog/) - Announcements and updates
- [Newsletter](https://spoti.fi/backstagenewsletter) - Subscribe to our email newsletter
- [Backstage Community Sessions](https://github.com/backstage/community) - Join monthly meetups and explore Backstage community
- Give us a star ⭐️ - If you are using Backstage or think it is an interesting project, we would love a star ❤️

## Governance

See the [GOVERNANCE.md](https://github.com/backstage/community/blob/main/GOVERNANCE.md) document in the [backstage/community](https://github.com/backstage/community) repository.

## License

Copyright 2020-2024 © The Backstage Authors. All rights reserved. The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

## Security

Please report sensitive security issues using Spotify's [bug-bounty program](https://hackerone.com/spotify) rather than GitHub.

For further details, see our complete [security release process](SECURITY.md).
